README.md, before:

# Pixel Art Maker Project

**Pixel Art Maker** - Google Scholarship Challenge Final Project

[See live project](https://dominicom.github.io/pixel-art-maker/)

## Table of Contents

* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [About the project](#about-the-project)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

## Instructions
* Open the project [here](https://dominicom.github.io/pixel-art-maker/)
* Input initial grid size in `DESIGN CANVAS` window
* Draw pixels using left mouse button and erase with right
* You can change pen color using color picker in `PICK A COLOR` panel or just choose one from `SWATCHES`
* Use `CLEAR` button erase canvas or `RESET` to make a new canvas from the scratch.


## About the project

This is a final student project made for Udacity classroom on Front-End Web Developer track of Phase 1 - preselection to Nanodegree program. Simple designed graphical editor to make a pixel masterpeace using JavaScript, HTML and CSS.

#### Starter Project
> link https://github.com/udacity/project-pixel-art-maker-starter

The starter code includes all required HTML input fields, as well as some basic styling. A skeleton of the `makeGrid()` function is provided as well. To get started, student have to open `designs.js` and start building out the app's functionality.

#### Graphics and design resources

Original graphic design, user interface and experience, assets designed by the [Author](https://www.kiepuszewski.com). Used [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com) and logos of companies listed in section _Worked for.._ are registered, and [I d I](https://www.kiepuszewski.com) is a copyrighted personal brand logo of the **Author**.


#### External libraries Used

* jQuery

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Cleaned up code, MD file updated, screenshots added

README.md, after:

# Pixel Art Maker Project

**Pixel Art Maker** - Google Scholarship Challenge Final Project

[See live project](https://dominicom.github.io/pixel-art-maker/)

## Table of Contents

* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [About the project](#about-the-project)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

## Instructions
* Open the project [here](https://dominicom.github.io/pixel-art-maker/)
* Input initial grid size in `DESIGN CANVAS` window
* Draw pixels using left mouse button and erase with right
* You can change pen color using color picker in `PICK A COLOR` panel or just choose one from `SWATCHES`
* Use `CLEAR` button erase canvas or `RESET` to make a new canvas from the scratch.

#### Screenshots
![screenshot](screenshots/screenshot.jpg)
![screenshot](screenshots/isometric_prev.jpg)

## About the project

This is a final student project made for Udacity classroom on Front-End Web Developer track of _Phase 1_ - pre-selection to Nanodegree program. Simple designed graphical editor to make a pixel masterpeace using JavaScript, HTML and CSS.

#### Starter Project
> link https://github.com/udacity/project-pixel-art-maker-starter

The starter code includes all required HTML input fields, as well as some basic styling. A skeleton of the `makeGrid()` function is provided as well. To get started, students have to open `designs.js` and start building out the app's functionality.

#### Graphics and design resources

Original graphic design, user interface and experience, assets designed by the [Author](https://www.kiepuszewski.com). Used [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com) logo is registered and [I d I](https://www.kiepuszewski.com) is a copyrighted personal brand logo of the **Author**.


#### External libraries Used

* jQuery

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
